Okay, Dim Sum, NBC.
where it's on Atlantic
Oh, so like south of the 10.
What's that, NBC?
Like bring it out, like if you order it and they bring it out.
Like
Yeah, so it's like made to order kind of.
I know, right? Yeah, I think they only do that like on the weekends, like on Saturday..
mornings things they do the cart. But if you go like
for the ones that I go to on Sundays.
they just bring a like a paper and then you mark what you want and they bring it yeah
Does NBC do that? The carts, like all the time?
Is that the place where there's like a market? Like in the in the opposite side of the...
Oh, okay, okay.
How's the price?
Okay, or is it like on the more expensive side?
Okay
Like
yeah like the tofu soup it's..
20 some some bucks sounds like, really? That's crazy.
That used to be really true.
Yeah. (***) was that Yeah, crazy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So everything's gone now.
Yeah, so like when you go to Japan it like blows me away like how cheap it is like with like the exchange rate and..
everything too I had like a big meal of and like really really good like udon
And I ordered like five extra things and it was like 1,200 yen.
I was like eight bucks, right? I was like, ah!
Yeah it's still cheap, right?
Yeah, really, really, it's crazy.
So the same thing with like the... the hospital prices and stuff.
like lately just because there's so many foreigners they're like charging a tax
on all the corners for the umm for the hotels and stuff and they're like
200 yen. Is that okay?
Is that too much? You know, and people are like so...
apologetic about that 200 yen you know so I was like
That's like barely. Are you sure you don't want me to pay more?
Yeah, because...
I think so, but I got..i got charged.
Yeah, because I actually I booked it from America so that's probably why
yeah yeah yeah so maybe.
When you go do you book it with like
With your Japanese like in Japan or like..
Oh okay
Okay.
so it's gotten so much more expensive like the hotels they used to be like
Almost like dirt cheap, but it's not that anymore
It's very clean. It's very clean, yeah.
That's too cheap. That's too cheap.
Yeah.
Like where?
Okay, no, no, no, sorry, I, I, I, I was first, yeah.
We traveled over to Japan.
Where were you? Japan.
In torrance Lately I like Gaia.
yeah it's like the korean place it's like we're all the like korean like
Like like Ojiisan Obasan (***)
Yeah, homestyle, really good stuff.
That's pretty authentic.
Komatsu or what?
oh are you talking about the french... the french... it's like a french fusion
place right?